cloud: regulate region names (#9778)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/release-notes-2022.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## Aug xx, 2022

> * 1. Add **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to cluster list page; 2. Move **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to top-right on cluster details page
> 
> * Optimize UX/UI of cluster creation process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the cluster list page and the cluster details page:
    * Add **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the cluster list page
    * Move **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the upper-right corner on cluster details page

* Optimize the UI of cluster creation process
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

> ## Aug xx, 2022

Author: ```suggestion
## Aug 2, 2022
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* "4 vCPU, 16 GiB" node size of TiDB and TiKV is now in General Availability (GA).
    - Storage size is between 200GiB and 2TiB per TiKV node
    - Suggested scenarios:
        - low workload production environment for SMB 
        - PoC and staging environment
        - development environment

```

* Optimize the UI of the **Active Clusters** page and the cluster details page:
    * Add **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the **Active Clusters** page
    * Move **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the upper-right corner on cluster details page

> * Optimize the UI of cluster creation process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of cluster creation process. Now you can select your cluster Tier on the **Create Cluster
** page.
```

>     * Add **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the **Active Clusters** page
>     * Move **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the upper-right corner on cluster details page

Author: ```suggestion
    * Add **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the **Active Clusters** page.
    * Move **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the upper-right corner on cluster details page.
```

> * Adds a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to provide a system-level entry for overall performance diagnosis.

Author: ```suggestion
* Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnostics** tab of a cluster.
```

    The Monitoring page provides a system-level entry for overall performance diagnosis. According to the top-down performance analysis methodology, the Monitoring page organizes TiDB performance metrics based on database time breakdown and displays these metrics in different colors. By checking these colors, you can identify performance bottlenecks of the entire system at the first glance, which significantly reduces performance diagnosis time and simplifies performance analysis and diagnosis.

* Add a switch to enable or disable **Custom Pattern** on the **Data Import** page for CSV and Parquet source files.

    The **Custom Pattern** feature is disabled by default. You can enable it when you are going to import CSV or Parquet files whose filenames match a certain pattern to a single target table.

    For more information, see [Import CSV Files](/tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md) and [Import Apache Parquet Files](/tidb-cloud/import-parquet-files.md).

* Optimize the help information on the **Data Import** page to make it more clear.

> * Add TiDB Cloud Support Plans (Basic, Standard, Enterprise, Premium) to meet different support requirements of customers' organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add TiDB Cloud Support Plans (Basic, Standard, Enterprise, and Premium) to meet different support needs of customers' organizations.
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## Aug xx, 2022

> * Optimize the UI of the **Active Clusters** page and the cluster details page:

Author: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the [**Active Clusters**](https://staging.tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster details page:
```

    * Add **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the **Active Clusters** page
    * Move **Connect** and **Import data** buttons to the upper-right corner on cluster details page

> * Optimize the UI of cluster creation process. Now you can select your cluster Tier on the **Create Cluster
> ** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of cluster creation process. Now you can select your cluster Tier on the **Create Cluster** page.
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

> ## Aug 2, 2022

Reviewer 3: Since all the other months are spelled out. Let's keep them consistent.
```suggestion
## August 2, 2022
```

* The `4 vCPU, 16 GiB` node size of TiDB and TiKV is now in General Availability (GA).

    * For each `4 vCPU, 16 GiB` TiKV node, the storage size is between 200 GiB and 2 TiB.
    * Suggested usage scenarios:

        * Low workload production environment for SMB

>         * PoC and staging environment

Author: @SunRunAway Do we need to mention staging environment here?

>         * Low workload production environment for SMB
>         * PoC and staging environment
>         * Development environment

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        * Low workload production environments for SMB
        * PoC and staging environments
        * Development environments
```

> * Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnostics** tab for [Developer Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#developer-tier).

Author: ```suggestion
* Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnostics** tab for [Dedicated Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier).
```

> * Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnostics** tab for [Dedicated Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier).

Author: ```suggestion
* Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnosis** tab for [Dedicated Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier).
```

> * Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnosis** tab for [Dedicated Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier).

Author: ```suggestion
* Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnosis** tab for [Dedicated Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier).
```

    The Monitoring page provides a system-level entry for overall performance diagnosis. According to the top-down performance analysis methodology, the Monitoring page organizes TiDB performance metrics based on database time breakdown and displays these metrics in different colors. By checking these colors, you can identify performance bottlenecks of the entire system at the first glance, which significantly reduces performance diagnosis time and simplifies performance analysis and diagnosis.

* Add a switch to enable or disable **Custom Pattern** on the **Data Import** page for CSV and Parquet source files.

    The **Custom Pattern** feature is disabled by default. You can enable it when you are going to import CSV or Parquet files whose filenames match a certain pattern to a single target table.

    For more information, see [Import CSV Files](/tidb-cloud/import-csv-files.md) and [Import Apache Parquet Files](/tidb-cloud/import-parquet-files.md).

* Add TiDB Cloud Support Plans (Basic, Standard, Enterprise, and Premium) to meet different support needs of customers' organizations. For more information, see [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md).

> * Optimize the UI of the [**Active Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster details page:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the [Active Clusters](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster details page:
```

> * Optimize the UI of the [**Active Clusters**](https://staging.tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster details page:

Author: ```suggestion
* Optimize the UI of the [**Active Clusters**](https://tidbcloud.com/console/clusters) page and the cluster details page:
```

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://en.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2022.

## Aug 2, 2022

* The `4 vCPU, 16 GiB` node size of TiDB and TiKV is now in General Availability (GA).

    * For each `4 vCPU, 16 GiB` TiKV node, the storage size is between 200 GiB and 2 TiB.
    * Suggested usage scenarios:

        * Low workload production environment for SMB
        * PoC and staging environment
        * Development environment

> * Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnostics** tab for [Developer Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#developer-tier)

Author: ```suggestion
* Add a [Monitoring page](/tidb-cloud/monitor-built-in-monitoring.md) to the **Diagnostics** tab for [Developer Tier clusters](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#developer-tier).
```
